feat: Deprecated and removed tokens rule uplift (#1743)
cultureamp/kaizen-design-system: packages/stylelint-plugin/README.md

- It can autofix any variables that are used incorrectly within a `calc()` function, such as ones that aren't interpolated when they should be, or negated variables that need to be wrapped in `calc()` to support CSS variables (e.g. `-$kz-spacing-md` -> `calc(-1 * #{$kz-var-spacing-md}))`
- Fixes alpha manipulation functions (`add-alpha`, `rgba`, `rgb`, `transparentize`) by using `-rgb-params` variable replacements with `rgba()`.
- Warns you when you use a new CSS variable Kaizen token incorrectly (most of the time), e.g. when you use it in a function that doesn't support CSS variables such as `darken`, `add-tint`, `mix`, or a custom mixin/function.

## Rules

These rules are included by default:

- `kaizen/no-deprecated-or-removed-tokens` - Reports and autofixes (if replacements exist) deprecated or completely removed tokens, for example: 
  - `kz-color-cluny-100` -> `color-blue-100`
  - `kz-var-color-wisteria-100 -> color-purple-100`
  - `kz-var-spacing-md` -> `spacing-md`
  - `kz-var-id-color-peach-100` -> `color-orange-100-id`
  - `kz-var-color-seedling-500-rgb-params` -> `color-green-500-rgb`

>   - `kz-deprecated-color-lapis` -> no automatic replacement

Author: I guess its a subjective thing hey!
Personally i don't think the README is large enough yet for us to be picky about real estate.
But, mulling over your comment a bit more i tend to agree. It's also more future proof to not include those specific examples.

- It can autofix any variables that are used incorrectly within a `calc()` function, such as ones that aren't interpolated when they should be, or negated variables that need to be wrapped in `calc()` to support CSS variables (e.g. `-$kz-spacing-md` -> `calc(-1 * #{$kz-var-spacing-md}))`
- Fixes alpha manipulation functions (`add-alpha`, `rgba`, `rgb`, `transparentize`) by using `-rgb-params` variable replacements with `rgba()`.
- Warns you when you use a new CSS variable Kaizen token incorrectly (most of the time), e.g. when you use it in a function that doesn't support CSS variables such as `darken`, `add-tint`, `mix`, or a custom mixin/function.

> - Any usages of color manipulation functions such as `darken`, `add-shade`, `add-tint`, `mix` etc will be computed within the codemod and replaced with a HEX/RGB/HSL value, using the `sass` compiler.

Author: Removing this was just part of cleanup - it doesn't happen any more

## Rules

These rules are included by default:

- `kaizen/no-deprecated-or-removed-tokens` - Reports and autofixes (if replacements exist) deprecated or completely removed tokens, for example: 
  - `kz-color-cluny-100` -> `color-blue-100`
  - `kz-var-color-wisteria-100 -> color-purple-100`
  - `kz-var-spacing-md` -> `spacing-md`
  - `kz-var-id-color-peach-100` -> `color-orange-100-id`

>   - `kz-var-color-seedling-500-rgb-params` -> `color-green-500-rgb`

Author: ```suggestion
  - `kz-var-color-seedling-500-rgb-params` -> `color-green-500-rgb`
  - `kz-deprecated-color-lapis` -> no automatic replacement
```

  - `kz-color-cluny-100` -> `color-blue-100`
  - `kz-var-color-wisteria-100 -> color-purple-100`
  - `kz-var-spacing-md` -> `spacing-md`
  - `kz-var-id-color-peach-100` -> `color-orange-100-id`
  - `kz-var-color-seedling-500-rgb-params` -> `color-green-500-rgb`
  - `kz-deprecated-color-lapis` -> no automatic replacement
- `kaizen/no-invalid-use-of-var-tokens-in-functions` - Detects invalid usages of Kaizen variable tokens within some functions that are known to be problematic such as `rgba`, `darken` or `mix`, and automatically fixes `rgba`, `rgb`, `add-alpha`, `transparentize` instances by ensuring the correct `-rgb-params` tokens are used.
- `kaizen/no-invalid-use-of-var-tokens-in-equations` - Detects invalid usages of Kaizen tokens within equations. It won't be able to automatically fix many cases, but it can for some simple cases for example negating a Kaizen variable without a runtime `calc()` function.
- `kaizen/all-token-imports-must-be-used` - Reports and fixes unused Kaizen token imports.
- `kaizen/all-used-tokens-must-be-imported` - Reports and fixes any Kaizen token imports that should exist but don't, based on the tokens that are used in the current stylesheet.

> 
> 
> 

Author: ```suggestion

```

- `kaizen/no-invalid-use-of-var-tokens-in-functions` - Detects invalid usages of Kaizen variable tokens within some functions that are known to be problematic such as `rgba`, `darken` or `mix`, and automatically fixes `rgba`, `rgb`, `add-alpha`, `transparentize` instances by ensuring the correct `-rgb-params` tokens are used.
- `kaizen/no-invalid-use-of-var-tokens-in-equations` - Detects invalid usages of Kaizen tokens within equations. It won't be able to automatically fix many cases, but it can for some simple cases for example negating a Kaizen variable without a runtime `calc()` function.
- `kaizen/all-token-imports-must-be-used` - Reports and fixes unused Kaizen token imports.

> - `kaizen/all-used-tokens-must-be-imported` - Reports and fixes any Kaizen token imports that should exist but don't, based on the tokens that are used in the current stylesheet.

Reviewer: Renaming a rule is a breaking change - someone may be overriding this rule in particular (either ignoring it completely or changing the default log to error) and this would break their pipeline.

Author: Hey sorry i wasn't trying to rename it, i was trying to fix the README because currently the name of the rule is actually `kaizen/all-used-tokens-must-be-imported` as per the file `packages/stylelint-plugin/src/rules/all-used-tokens-must-be-imported.ts`

Reviewer: Oh - my mistake. Carry on then 😬

- `kaizen/no-invalid-use-of-var-tokens-in-functions` - Detects invalid usages of Kaizen variable tokens within some functions that are known to be problematic such as `rgba`, `darken` or `mix`, and automatically fixes `rgba`, `rgb`, `add-alpha`, `transparentize` instances by ensuring the correct `-rgb-params` tokens are used.
- `kaizen/no-invalid-use-of-var-tokens-in-equations` - Detects invalid usages of Kaizen tokens within equations. It won't be able to automatically fix many cases, but it can for some simple cases for example negating a Kaizen variable without a runtime `calc()` function.
- `kaizen/all-token-imports-must-be-used` - Reports and fixes unused Kaizen token imports.
- `kaizen/all-used-tokens-must-be-imported` - Reports and fixes any Kaizen token imports that should exist but don't, based on the tokens that are used in the current stylesheet.

> - `kaizen/rename-tokens` - Reports and automatically renames any ex-generation or deprecated color names, removes the `kz-var` prefix as it is not used anymore, renames `-rgb-params` to `-rgb`, and renames `kz-var-id-*` to `*-id`. E.g:

Reviewer 2: I think let's keep this sentence simpler and rely on the examples. We might add new use cases to this rule in future.

```suggestion
- `kaizen/rename-tokens` - Reports and automatically renames any deprecated color names to the newer name. E.g:
```
